## Group 209 Milestone 2 Reflection

Our dashboard provides a high-level overview of key statistics for alcohol consumption across various geographic regions. Users are able to adjust the type of alcohol and engage with an interactive graph which displays key statistics such as proportions, global ranking and total servings. Our plot makes it easy for users to visually assess the global popularity of select alcohol types through the heat-mapped choropleth. The bar chart on the right is complementary to the world map as it provides concise details to the top 20 countries who strongly prefer the chosen alcohol.

There are several limitations of this plot. Firstly, the colour gradient legend used to represent the proportions of alcohol can be difficult to interpret on its own. For future versions we could add an interactive feature where the colour gradient could be tracked by a marker which automatically changes on the scale as a user clicks on different countries. This will complement the colour map and allow the user to more easily interact with our dashboard. Additionally, instead of only including the country names we could add country flags for future iterations. Overall, we believe that with a longer time frame we would be able to successfully implement these enhancements to our existing dashboard.

In regards to our communication over Github, we created several issues which the team tracked and addressed before submitting the final project. Furthermore, all of us had the opportunity to commit our work to the repository several times. This gave us practice in writing commits and provide meaningful comments to address issues and areas of improvement in our project. For future assignments, we will add more detail to our commit messages and create issues where we can save our meeting notes.
